also roaming far and wide in extensive
forests here are the elusive snow
monkeys but winter shrinks their feeding
grounds making them easier to spot just
below my god okay we are so so lucky
this is brilliant that's amazing
hung out and out of nowhere this is
exactly what I was saying they're
feeding in the top of the pine trees you
can see this one he actually had a pine
cone in his hands
it's just nibbling always going to eat
the seeds that are inside it and they
all just perched precariously over top
of the water aren't they fabulous in
fact once you get your eye in there's
dozens of the verses oh yeah you see how
the actual wave always crashing below
and clear water
yeah and I'm obvious I know it's such a
bizarre sight you know I've filmed
primates all over the world but there's
nowhere that it's like this you know
there's nowhere where they're living in
a place where it's so cold so
challenging the monkeys here are the
most northern dwelling primates in the
world
[Music]